docs: fix broken link in README (#957)
open-sauced/guestbook: README.md

**Welcome to the Guestbook Repository!**

> This guestbook is a place for people who have taken the [Intro to Open Source course](https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/intro/blob/main/docs/intro-to-oss/README.md/) to take their first steps into contributing to open source.

Reviewer: Let's change this to the course URL instead of repository.

 
```suggestion
This guestbook is a place for people who have taken the [Intro to Open Source course](https://learn.osscommunities.com/intro-to-oss/) to take their first steps into contributing to open source.
```
